Shh
Sit down and eat
Tell the servants to clean up
Got it dad
Eat more
You've lost weight recently
Thank you
When your brother gets married
You have to
Take good care of yourself
Ha ha ha
In-laws
Why are you calling so early?
Is this the can’t wait for engagement period?
What?
Why didn't you tell dad about the broken engagement?
He Jun Ya took action first
Even so, the engagement cannot be canceled
The cooperation between the Gu and He families
It's not like you don't know
As long as I have this relationship
From then on
A win-win cooperation situation
You're really crazy
Dad
Because of the Gu family
I can get married
But she hit Xi Xi
This
I can't accept
Then you do it for this
Offend the He family?
Dad knows
You want to protect her
But breaking off the engagement
Dad doesn't allow it